It's true. It's all true.
It turns out that this is Wu Tian's secret
With this baby
Why should I compromise
Be the young grandmother of the second young master
No way.
The secrets of this cornucopia
Only I know
What is Sweets doing?
I'm making tea for Grandpa
And I was thirsty.
Let me have a sip first
No, it's for Grandpa.
It's okay, he won't blame you.
No, you can't.
Little Black
How did you poison the water?
No, I didn't do it.
What happened to kobayashi
What is it? What happened?
Sir, it's all my fault
I just saw Xiaoqin poison the tea
I'll ask why
But Xiaoqin, she's going to kill me
Xiaoyan
Why are you framing me?
Sister Ping is here, now you can confess it all.
You let the second young master go last night
I saw it all
Xiaoping
I didn't expect it to be you
Not me.
It's really not me.
Xiaoping
Why are you doing this to me?
Go for the challenge
Sir, but he betrayed you
The person who betrayed me
Don't let any of them go, cure the rice first
Dispose of it slowly
I'm going to the doctor now